# MadLib Projects

## by Whaling Brew:
	David Brown
	Vincent Campbell
	Imran Gosla
	Robert Hare
	Jonathan Vega

## Installation Instructions
1. Download this project.
2. Go to the project's root directory and open the command line. From there, type npm install.
3. When npm install finishes, type ember server.
4. The application will be ready at http://localhost:4200.
Note: This does not work on Internet Explorer 11. It works on Microsoft Edge and Google Chrome.

## Usage
This program randomly generates ideas for those who just can't come up with an idea of their own.

The user can decide the number of ideas the program will generate. The default is 10.
From there the user can select the parts of speech they are looking for.
This will help the program narrow the randomness of the gnerator.

Then the user simply presses the "Generate Random Projects" or "Generate Legacy Projects", button 
and the user will be sent to a unique page where the ideas will have been generated.

## Generate Random Projects
Generates n number of random projects based on the input parameters. You can customize the different
speech types. The generator uses the Wordnik API to fetch random words based on the speech types chosen.

### Speech Types
Available speech tyeps are:
* Verb
* Noun
* Adjective
* Adverb

## Generate Legacy Projects
Uses a predefined data set to generate projects. It does not use the speech type selectors. The results
generated by the leagcy generator are easier to work with and tend to make more sense. By using the legacy
generator, you miss out on some whacky and crazy combinations that could be found with the random generator.



## Results Page 
Page created showing the ideas the program has generated using the parameters specified by the user.
the user will be shown the project:
	Name		-	a description of what the project idea is.
	Reason		-	provides a purpose for the project.
	Popularity	-	a number of how many people liked/disliked the idea.
	Key			-	a unique number meant for assigning the idea.
	
there are up and down arrows to vote on the idea is good or bad. Upvote to say the idea is good and down
vote to show the idea is bad.



## Project List 
Page containing all the ideas ever created.
Sorted by popularity in descending order (most popular on top least on bottom).
this list is used to show which ideas are great and which are terrible.

This page is for the user who is just spending their whole life on a tred mill and 
cannot decide what parameters to put in the generator. 

In this page the user is shown the same thing the Result page shows. 
	Name		-	a description of what the project idea is.
	Reason		-	provides a purpose for the project.
	Popularity	-	a number of how many people liked/disliked the idea.
	Key			-	a unique number meant for assigning the idea.
	
along with the up and down arrow buttons. 


## known issues:
* people can vote up or down multiple times.
